cat doesnt like dogs
cat doesnt like dogs
cat doesnt like dogs
cat doesnt like dogs
cat doesnt like dogs
 cat doesnt like dogs
cat doesnt like dogs
cat doesnt like dogs
cat doesnt like dogs
cat doesnt like dogs
 cat doesnt like dogs

 cat doesnt like dogs
cat doesnt like dogs
cat doesnt like dogs
cat doesnt like dogs
cat doesnt like dogs
 cat doesnt like dogs
cat doesnt like dogs
cat doesnt like dogs
cat doesnt like dogs
cat doesnt like dogs
 cat doesnt like dogs

 cat doesnt like dogs
cat doesnt like dogs
cat doesnt like dogs
cat doesnt like dogs
cat doesnt like dogs
 cat doesnt like dogs
cat doesnt like dogs
cat doesnt like dogs
cat doesnt like dogs
cat doesnt like dogs
 cat doesnt like dogs

 but dogs are friendly and like cats 
  but dogs are friendly and like cats 
   but dogs are friendly and like cats 
    but dogs are friendly and like cats 
     but dogs are friendly and like cats
      but dogs are friendly and like cats 
  but dogs are friendly and like cats 
   but dogs are friendly and like cats 
    but dogs are friendly and like cats 
     but dogs are friendly and like cats 

     
 but dogs are friendly and like cats 
  but dogs are friendly and like cats 
   but dogs are friendly and like cats 
    but dogs are friendly and like cats 
     but dogs are friendly and like cats
      but dogs are friendly and like cats 
  but dogs are friendly and like cats 
   but dogs are friendly and like cats 
    but dogs are friendly and like cats 
     but dogs are friendly and like cats 
     
     
 but dogs are friendly and like cats 
  but dogs are friendly and like cats 
   but dogs are friendly and like cats 
    but dogs are friendly and like cats 
     but dogs are friendly and like cats
      but dogs are friendly and like cats 
  but dogs are friendly and like cats 
   but dogs are friendly and like cats 
    but dogs are friendly and like cats 
     but dogs are friendly and like cats 